N64/sw/README.md, before:

To build and flash:

```bash

# First of all, don't forget to update submodules
git submodule update --init

# If you have more than 2MB flash, you need to change the SDK file src/rp2_common/pico_standard_link/memmap_copy_to_ram.ld (for now!):
# Change to: `FLASH(rx) : ORIGIN = 0x10000000, LENGTH = 16384k`

cd sw

# Load a rom into sw/picocart64/rom.h
# `--compress` will compress the rom with a simple compression scheme.
./scripts/load_rom.py --compress my_rom.z64

mkdir build
cd build

# Configure cmake. To use NTSC, set -DREGION=NTSC
# If you have more than 2MB flash, you need to change the flash size by adding -DFLASH_SIZE_MB={one of 2,4,8,16} here.

For European N64s
`cmake -DREGION=PAL ..`
    * If using a weact pico clone (e.g. purchased from dreamcraftindustries.com)
    `cmake -DREGION=PAL -DFLASH_SIZE_MB=16`

For North American N64s
`cmake -DREGION=NTSC ..`
    * If using a weact pico clone (e.g. purchased from dreamcraftindustries.com)
    `cmake -DREGION=NTSC -DFLASH_SIZE_MB=16`

# Build
make

# You can now flash it by holding down the BOOT button and resetting the device, then mounting the usb mass storage device, then copy the file picocart64/picocart64.uf2 to the mounted path and run `sync`.

# Alternatively, you can use openocd with a J-Link:

# Requires https://github.com/raspberrypi/openocd
# AUR package if you're on archlinux: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/openocd-raspberrypi-git
openocd -f interface/jlink.cfg -c "transport select swd; adapter_khz 1000" -f target/rp2040.cfg -c "program ./picocart64/picocart64.elf verify reset exit"

# Note! You *have* to power reset the pico after flashing it with a jlink, otherwise multicore doesn't work properly.
# Alternatively, attach a debugger, `mon reset halt`, `c`, does the trick as well. It seems that openocd's `reset run` doesn't work properly.

```

Commit message:

MIXED COMMIT: Dreamcast related: Data looks like it's flowing correctly! Dreamdrive: Modifed ctr0.s file has been included so others can drop into their pico-sdk folder. Dumper files have been updated with new design.

N64/sw/README.md, after:

# Notes
Changes have been made to the pico-sdk to speed up copy to ram in order to meet the boot timing when powered on from the n64.
`crt0.S` should be copied to `pico-sdk/source/rp2_common/pico_standard_link/crt0.S` Remember to back up the original before making any changes.


To build and flash:

```bash

# First of all, don't forget to update submodules
git submodule update --init

# If you have more than 2MB flash, you need to change the SDK file src/rp2_common/pico_standard_link/memmap_copy_to_ram.ld (for now!):
# Change to: `FLASH(rx) : ORIGIN = 0x10000000, LENGTH = 16384k`

cd sw

# Load a rom into sw/picocart64/rom.h
# `--compress` will compress the rom with a simple compression scheme.
./scripts/load_rom.py --compress my_rom.z64

mkdir build
cd build

# Configure cmake. To use NTSC, set -DREGION=NTSC
# If you have more than 2MB flash, you need to change the flash size by adding -DFLASH_SIZE_MB={one of 2,4,8,16} here.

For European N64s
`cmake -DREGION=PAL ..`
    * If using a weact pico clone (e.g. purchased from dreamcraftindustries.com)
    `cmake -DREGION=PAL -DFLASH_SIZE_MB=16`

For North American N64s
`cmake -DREGION=NTSC ..`
    * If using a weact pico clone (e.g. purchased from dreamcraftindustries.com)
    `cmake -DREGION=NTSC -DFLASH_SIZE_MB=16`

# Build
make

# You can now flash it by holding down the BOOT button and resetting the device, then mounting the usb mass storage device, then copy the file picocart64/picocart64.uf2 to the mounted path and run `sync`.

# Alternatively, you can use openocd with a J-Link:

# Requires https://github.com/raspberrypi/openocd
# AUR package if you're on archlinux: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/openocd-raspberrypi-git
openocd -f interface/jlink.cfg -c "transport select swd; adapter_khz 1000" -f target/rp2040.cfg -c "program ./picocart64/picocart64.elf verify reset exit"

# Note! You *have* to power reset the pico after flashing it with a jlink, otherwise multicore doesn't work properly.
# Alternatively, attach a debugger, `mon reset halt`, `c`, does the trick as well. It seems that openocd's `reset run` doesn't work properly.

```
